Common fields

1. Requester Name; radio buttons with names of all the faculty and
part time staff

2. Today's date(read only, auto filled)

3. Due date; text box; should accept date string in 

m/d/y
an

m-d-y

form

where m just has to convert to an int from 1 to 12, d from 1 to 31,
y can be 2 digits or four; should be error checked to be

a. a valid date
b. >= current date

this text box and all others should have an independent "clear" button
that erases it's content; when the user enters content, the string should
be normalized to some form so that Laurie can easily read them;
I'd say m/d/y with only 2 digits for the yr and no extraneous leading 0's

There are 6 different kinds of request

Purchase
Hire
Prepare Travel Request
Prepare TEV
Copy
Other(as time goes on, we may come up with additional categories)

Each of these will have its own form fields, but each collection of
form fields should have a button "Clear all" button that would return its
fields to their initial state.  Individual text boxes should have their
own "clear" buttons just to their right so if something is wrong it can 
be easily cleared.  this is important for a couple of reasons.

We detail the different types as follows.

Purchase

Item Description
Number of Items
Vendor
Project Number

Hire

Name of hiree
Position title

check boxes(radio buttons?) for Funding
a. Student Work-study
b. Student Dept/Grant Funded
c. Temporary Salary
d. Temporary Hourly
e. Add Comp Salary
f. Add Comp Hourly

Prepare Travel Request

(we need to think about this one carefully;)
Location(is there a chance this would have multiple legs? how much detail do you
need? to and from? date of travel or dates of trip?)
Start date
End date
Purpose
Attendees:(names or number?)
Meal Estimate
Lodging
Local transportation estimate
Other expenses estimate(and what they are?)
Meals are (radio buttons):  Per Diem  Actual

Prepare TEV
this one needs work; faculty should be able to manually put the receipts in
an envelope and mark the envelope to identify it

Copy
#of copies
radio buttons for single sided or double sided
document attached(we should allow multiple documents in a single request)

Other
Description; text area

Submit request button- this will validate that the needed fields are entered
with seemingly valid data(numbers are numbers, dates are valid dates, copy documents
are attached, etc.) and generate a mail message to send to Laurie, with the data
arranged according to her specifications.  It also cc's the sending faculty member, so
they have clear validation that the mail was sent.  The software generates a request
id for this request based on the requestor(first 5 letters of the name, say, plus the
date, plus the time down to the ms to guarantee that it's unique, and includes the
id with the request.

If the mail is sent, an alert box comes up saying so and displays the id.

Once the user closes the alert box the form is still up, and the user can generate
more requests of the same type by clearing out some of the boxes.  this way a faculty
member could quickly generate requests to hire several students.

the user can always change the request type at the top of the form, and that will
dynamically change what form fields are given.

Main Issues/Concerns are

1. all and only needed data are present and validated
2. data entry is convenient for faculty(buttons and checkboxes instead of text boxes
wherever possible)
3. the email message has the data arranged to make it easy for Laurie to extract the data;
probably an individual entry should be

label  :  value

with 2 blank lines between entries so cut and paste is easy.

